Update Learn guides to use Hardhat (#256)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-docs: components/learn/modules/ROOT/pages/developing-smart-contracts.adoc

The first step after xref:setting-up-a-node-project#creating-a-project[creating a project] is to install a development tool.

> The most popular development framework for Ethereum is https://www.trufflesuite.com/truffle[Truffle] which uses https://web3js.readthedocs.io/[web3.js].  The next most popular is https://hardhat.org/[Hardhat], and we cover its most common use with https://docs.ethers.io/[ethers.js].  Each has their strengths and it is useful to be comfortable using all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most popular development framework for Ethereum is https://www.trufflesuite.com/truffle[Truffle] which uses https://web3js.readthedocs.io/[web3.js].  The next most popular is https://hardhat.org/[Hardhat] (previously called Buidler), and we cover its most common use with https://docs.ethers.io/[ethers.js].  Each has their strengths and it is useful to be comfortable using all of them.
```

```
--

[.hardhat]
--
To get started with Hardhat we will install it in our xref:setting-up-a-node-project.adoc#creating-a-project[project directory].

```console
$ npm install --save-dev hardhat
```

> Once installed, we can run ``npx hardhat``. This will create an empty Hardhat project in our project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, we can run `npx hardhat`. This will create create a Hardhat config file (`hardhat.config.js`) in our project directory.
```

```console
$ npx hardhat
888    888                      888 888               888
888    888                      888 888               888
888    888                      888 888               888
8888888888  8888b.  888d888 .d88888 88888b.   8888b.  888888
888    888     "88b 888P"  d88" 888 888 "88b     "88b 888
888    888 .d888888 888    888  888 888  888 .d888888 888
888    888 888  888 888    Y88b 888 888  888 888  888 Y88b.
888    888 "Y888888 888     "Y88888 888  888 "Y888888  "Y888

> Welcome to Hardhat v2.0.0
> 
> ? What do you want to do? …
> ❯ Create a sample project
>   Create an empty hardhat.config.js
>   Quit

Reviewer: We should use the latest version where possible
```suggestion
Welcome to Hardhat v2.0.2

✔ What do you want to do? · Create an empty hardhat.config.js
Config file created
```

✔ What do you want to do? · Create an empty buidler.config.js
Config file created
$ npx hardhat
888    888                      888 888               888
888    888                      888 888               888
888    888                      888 888               888
8888888888  8888b.  888d888 .d88888 88888b.   8888b.  888888
888    888     "88b 888P"  d88" 888 888 "88b     "88b 888
888    888 .d888888 888    888  888 888  888 .d888888 888
888    888 888  888 888    Y88b 888 888  888 888  888 Y88b.
888    888 "Y888888 888     "Y88888 888  888 "Y888888  "Y888

Welcome to Hardhat v2.0.0

? What do you want to do? …
❯ Create a sample project
  Create an empty hardhat.config.js
  Quit
```

> We can then create a `contracts` directory.

Reviewer: Any reason to remove this?  For community coming from Truffle they will have to create a `contracts` directory.

```
--

[.hardhat]
--

> Our `Box.sol` contract uses Solidity 0.6 so we need to first https://hardhat.org/config/#solc-configuration[configure Hardhat to use an appropriate solc version].

Reviewer: Anchor to Solidity configuration has changed
```suggestion
Our `Box.sol` contract uses Solidity 0.6 so we need to first https://hardhat.org/config/#solidity-configuration[configure Hardhat to use an appropriate solc version].
```

We specify a Solidity 0.6 solc version in our `hardhat.config.js`.

```js

> // hardhat.config.js

Reviewer: We should leave comment or add `...` if we remove.
```suggestion
// hardhat.config.js

/**
 * @type import('hardhat/config').HardhatUserConfig
 */
```

module.exports = {

>   solidity: "0.7.1"

Reviewer: OpenZeppelin Contract uses Solidity 0.6 as the default so will leave as Solidity 0.6 until this changes
```suggestion
  solidity: "0.6.12",
```

You will notice a `build/contracts` directory was created: it holds the compiled artifacts (bytecode and metadata), which are .json files. It’s a good idea to add this directory to your `.gitignore`.
--

[.hardhat]
--
```console

> $ npx hardhat compile
> Compiling...
> Downloading compiler version 0.6.12
> Compiled 1 contract successfully

Reviewer: Updated output
```suggestion
$ npx hardhat compile
Downloading compiler 0.6.12
Compiling 1 file with 0.6.12
Compilation finished successfully
```

```

> The https://hardhat.org/guides/compile-contracts.html#compiling-your-contracts[`compile`] built-in task will automatically look for all contracts in the `contracts` directory, and compile them using the Solidity compiler using the configuration in https://hardhat.org/config/#solc-configuration[`hardhat.config.js`].

Reviewer: Updated anchor to Solidity Configuration
```suggestion
The https://hardhat.org/guides/compile-contracts.html#compiling-your-contracts[`compile`] built-in task will automatically look for all contracts in the `contracts` directory, and compile them using the Solidity compiler using the configuration in https://hardhat.org/config/#solidity-configuration[`hardhat.config.js`].

```
